URL: https://www.islamicfinder.org/privacypolicy/
Title: Privacy & Policy | IslamicFinder
Description: Privacy & Policy of IslamicFinder.













Privacy & Policy | IslamicFinder

































































			Search for a City or Zip to set your location
		






×







×





			Disclaimer
		


			All information on IslamicFinder.org is verified by professionals beforehand. If you find any inappropriate material (or links leading to inappropriate materials), kindly
			 contact us.



×









×






LOCATION




Auto location 
















Current location 




								Please enter current location name
							



Latitude ? 


Longitude ? 


								Please enter correct latitude longitude values
							



Time zone ?
 Africa/Cairo 


								Please select time zone
							




Daylight adjustment ?  -2 -1 0 +1 +2 




Starting Date








								Please select daylight savings start date
							


Ending Date








								Please select daylight savings end date
							



 Browse all cities







PRAYER CALCULATION 










Calculation Method ?

Algerian Ministry of Religious Affairs and Wakfs
												
											
Diyanet İşleri Başkanlığı, Turkey
												
											
Egyptian General Authority of Survey
												
											
Islamic Society of North America 
											
JAKIM
												
											
Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura 
											
Muslim World League 
											
Shia Ithna-Ashari, Leva Institute, Qum (Jafri)
												
											
Sihat/Kemenag
												
											
Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Russia
												
											
Tunisian Ministry of Religious Affairs
												
											
Umm Al-Qura 
											
Union des Organisations Islamiques de France 
											
University Of Islamic Sciences, Karachi
												
											
Custom - Fajar and isha Angle 
											
Custom - Fajr Angle and Isha time adjustment
												
											





Fajr angle ?  10 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 12.5 13.0 13.5 14.0 14.5 15.0 15.5 16.0 16.5 17.0 17.5 18.0 18.5 19.0 19.5 20.0 20.5 21.0 21.5 22.0 22.5 23.0 23.5 24.0 24.5 


Isha angle ?
 10 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 12.5 13.0 13.5 14.0 14.5 15.0 15.5 16.0 16.5 17.0 17.5 18.0 18.5 19.0 19.5 20.0 20.5 21.0 21.5 22.0 22.5 23.0 23.5 24.0 24.5 


Dhuhr time after Zawal  ?      {      1 minute (Default) 2 minutes  3 minutes  4 minutes  5 minutes  6 minutes  7 minutes  8 minutes  9 minutes  10 minutes  11 minutes  12 minutes  13 minutes  14 minutes  15 minutes  16 minutes  17 minutes  18 minutes  19 minutes  20 minutes  21 minutes  22 minutes  23 minutes  24 minutes  25 minutes  26 minutes  27 minutes  28 minutes  29 minutes  30 minutes  31 minutes  32 minutes  33 minutes  34 minutes  35 minutes  36 minutes  37 minutes  38 minutes  39 minutes  40 minutes  41 minutes  42 minutes  43 minutes  44 minutes  45 minutes  46 minutes  47 minutes  48 minutes  49 minutes  50 minutes  51 minutes  52 minutes  53 minutes  54 minutes  55 minutes  56 minutes  57 minutes  58 minutes  59 minutes  60 minutes  


Maghrib time after Sunset  ?       {      1 minute (Default) 2 minutes  3 minutes  4 minutes  5 minutes  6 minutes  7 minutes  8 minutes  9 minutes  10 minutes  11 minutes  12 minutes  13 minutes  14 minutes  15 minutes  


Juristic  settings ?  Hanbali, Maliki, Shafi Hanafi 


Hijri Date Adjustment ?  +2 +1 0 -1 -2 









					Reset
				



					Save & Update
				


















 







  





English 

English
العربية
Français
Türkçe
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malay
Español

|
Login



  Download App










Home
Calendar
Al Quran



							Prayer Times

							Date Converter



Features and Tools



Hadith
Knowledge
Duas
						
Islamic Places

							IslamicFinder News



Islamic Gallery

							Zakat Calculator

							Qibla Direction

								PrayerBook
Muslims
Prayer Widgets





Special Events

						Special Islamic Days


Contact Us
Talk to us
Advertise with us
Login



Languages

English
العربية
Français
Türkçe
Español
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malay




						Download Athan

















Download our iOS app 
for faster experience and daily updates.




×











Download our Android app 
for faster experience and daily updates.




×




















About IslamicFinder
Advertise with us
Talk to us
Contact us for ads
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Athan Academy Privacy Policy
Athan Academy Terms of Service















Privacy Policy of IslamicFinder.org




Last Modified: 14th September 2020

Protecting your privacy is very important to
						us. We’re informing you about our privacy policy to know what
						information we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it.
						This privacy declaration is for IslamicFinder Organization (“us,”
						“we,” or “our”) our website “IslamicFinder.org,” and its flagship
						app “Athan.” This site is referred to as “IslamicFinder.org,” and
						its flagship application is referred to as “Athan” throughout this
						notice. Both these services are maintained and operated by the
						IslamicFinder organization.

IslamicFinder does not collect your name, email address,
							location, or other similar information unless you choose to
							provide it.

We collect additional limited information
						automatically from visitors who read, browse and download reports
						from our site or app or use our features such as PrayerBook,
						Ramadan Book, Quran, Dua, and Islamic Community require signing
						up. We do this to understand how the site is being used and how we
						can make it more helpful. The bottom line is that our services
						keep users’ information confidential and do not sell any
						information that we get after your sign up process to any third
						party. We, at IslamicFinder, value our user’s privacy and collect
						their information only after they consent to make the most of our
						features and have a great overall experience.
1. Information we collect
The information we collect from you comprises
						the general information that we collect from all users and some
						specific information you provide upon registering on the Athan app
						or IslamicFinder.org. The information we gather is only for
						improving your experience of our features.
1.1 When you browse:
Specific information about your visit can be
						collected when you browse our website. This is when you browse
						IslamicFinder.org, we, and in some cases, our third-party service
						providers can contain the following types of information about
						your visit, including:

IP address (an IP or internet protocol address is a
							number that is automatically assigned to a device connected to
							the web)
Operating system (which is software that directs a
							computer’s essential functions such as executing programs and
							managing storage) for the device that you are using and
							information about the browser you used when visiting the site
Operating system (which is software that directs a
							computer’s basic functions such as executing programs and
							managing storage) for the device that you are using and
							information about the browser you used when visiting the site.
Date and time
Pages information
Address of the website that redirected you to
							IslamicFinder.org (such as Google.com)
Device type (desktop computer, tablet, or type of mobile
							device)
Browser language
Time spent on pages
User events (e.g. clicking a button)
Cookies of prayer times setting i.e. Calculation method,
							juristic method, Latitude and Longitude of your selected
							location.

We use this information to measure the number
						of visitors to our site and its various sections, to help make our
						site more useful to visitors, and to improve our public education
						and outreach through digital advertising. Also, this information
						is sometimes used to personalize the content we show to you on
						third-party sites.
1.2 General information and permissions:
The general information we collect is
						applicable to all our Athan users. All these permissions except
						for the user’s device information is obtained only after the
						user’s consent. Whenever we collect any information of the user,
						it is transmitted to us in a secure way. The following permissions
						are taken on app level that we require from you:

Location information is required for providing our users
							accurate Prayer Times, Qibla direction, information about Places
							around them,Local Muslims for creating events and Islamic
							Calendar for the date.
Notification permission is required for sending prayer
							times and other helpful reminder notifications. This permission
							is required from iOS users only.
Network permissions both Wifi and mobile data, in order
							to use Wifi for Athan services.
Camera permissions are required for taking photos for
							posting in our Community section and for updating profile
							picture. This permission is required from iOS users only.
Media storage (photo gallery) permission is required for
							downloading translations of Quran and for sharing Prayer times,
							Duas, Ayats and Gallery images.
Bluetooth permission is required in order to share Prayer
							times, Duas, Ayats and Gallery images via Bluetooth. This
							permission is required from Android users only.
Phone state/Address book access is required to help users
							contact any Islamic organization and invite their friends and
							family to use our app respectively.
Device Information includes your hardware and software
							information comprising of Device Model, Device OS and their App
							version number.
Device Identifiers are used for sending push notification
							via Firebase(Google Analytics).

Changing permission settings:
You can always change your permission
							settings on Athan by going into your Device’s settings:
For iOS users:
If you want to change your app permissions
							for Location, Media storage/Photos, Camera, Address
							Book/Contacts, or Notifications

Navigate to Settings of your Device
Tap on ‘Athan’
Click on the required permission.
Allow/Disallow it

For Android users:

If you want to change your app permissions for Location,
								Media storage/Photos, Phone State
								
Navigate to Settings of your Device
Tap on Athan
Click on the required permission
Allow/Disallow it

If you want to change app permissions for Notifications
								
Navigate to Settings of your device
Navigate to Notifications of your device
Choose Athan app
Allow/Disallow it



1.3 Information you provide us directly:
The information you provide us directly is
							upon Signing up. There are two types of accounts present on Athan
							and IslamicFinder.org, “Business” and “Personal.” With a Business
							account, you can promote your business on our Local Muslim
							platform by creating events, posting promotions, etc. A personal
							account is your account through which you can create private
							events and share posts. Business account users can set a type of
							business (Halal food, Mosque & Organization, School & Education,
							and Other) to their accounts, visible on their profiles. They can
							also add bio, website, contact info, and their addresses in the
							about section, which is exclusive for business accounts. Creating
							a business account will also add their business names to
							Places/Organizations in the Islamic Community. A personal
							statement can not have any of these features; however, it can
							create an event or a discussion in the same way as a business
							account can do. Both the Business and Personal account can use
							all the features that we offer, including PrayerBook, Ramadan
							Book, and bookmarking.
1.3.1 Account information:
For Business accounts, when you sign up, you
							will provide us with your “Business type,” “Full Name,” “Email
							Address,” “Password,” “Location,” and “Profile Picture”
							(optional). Later a Business account through its Profile can add
							its “Bio,” “Website,” “Contact,” and “Address.” For Personal
							accounts, you provide us with your “Full Name,” “Email Address,”
							“Password,” “Location,” and “Profile Picture” (optional). All of
							this information can be edited via your Profile. The information
							like user ID, email address, passwords, and your Prayer and
							Ramadan log is secured and never shared with anyone, nor with the
							IslamicFinder team. This information can be shared with your
							country’s government authorities upon their formal request, which
							is handled very carefully.
1.3.2 Islamic Community:
Our Islamic Community feature is available
							in all countries; users can create posts, events, likes, and
							comments in discussions. This is purely user-generated data, and
							we do not own anything.

When you share a post (e.g., an update, image, or
								article) publicly, it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared
								anywhere. Members, Visitors, and others will find and see your
								publicly-shared content, including your name and photo (if you
								have provided one).
We let senders know when you like or comment on their
								posts.
At any point in time, users can delete their content or
								report the other’s content if they find it inappropriate.

1.3.3 PrayerBook:

We store Prayer logs and badges earned by our PrayerBook
								users.

1.3.4 Ramadan Book:

For our Ramadan Book users, we store Fast and Deed logs
								and the badges earned.

1.4 Third party tools:
We don’t share your data with anyone. Only
							these mentioned tools get your data for advertisements, sharing,
							or tracking purposes.

Google Analytics
Firebase (App only)
Facebook Analytics (App only)
Facebook
Addthis (Website only)
Twilio for SMS Service (Website only)
Zendesk

This is governed by the security and privacy
							policies of their respective websites. You should review all
							websites’ privacy policies before using them so that you
							understand how your information may be used. For app analytics
							and app crashes, we use Google (Firebase) and Facebook analytics.
							These analytics do not collect your personal information and only
							help us in improving your experience.
2. How we use your information
The information that you provide is
							completely safe with us as our users’ safety is our utmost
							priority. We have taken extraordinary safety and security
							measures to ensure the data protection of our valued users. The
							information you provide us is purely and solely used to give you
							a personalized experience and improve any shortcomings our app
							has to facilitate you. We use your data to provide, support,
							personalize, and develop our Services.
2.1 Account information:
None of the user’s Prayer logs, badges,
							posts, comments, events, Deeds and Fast history is shared with
							any third party companies. At any given time the user can
							download his data to review it or delete his account with
							IslamicFinder permanently.
2.1.1 Islamic Community:
We store our users’ posts, events, likes,
							comments, and whether they have reported a particular position.
							This information is stored to display it on the application and
							website. None of this is shared with any third party. At any
							time, if the user wants, they can delete a particular post or
							report any other user’s post if they find it inappropriate.
2.1.2 PrayerBook:
We store Prayer logs and badges earned by
							our PrayerBook users in order to maintain there Prayer history
							and award them new badges and help them keep track of their
							Prayers.
2.1.3 Ramadan Book:
We store Fast and Deed logs and badges
							earned by our Ramadan Book users in order to observe their
							performance during the holy month of Ramadan and help them keep
							track of their Fasts.
2.2 Marketing purposes:
The information you provide us directly
							after signing up, which includes your “Full Name” and “Email
							Address,” is used to send you a more personalized email and
							newsletters regarding our exciting updates. Only registered users
							who have an account with IslamicFinder or those who have
							specifically subscribed to our newsletter fall under this
							category. At any point in time, the user can unsubscribe from our
							newsletter, following which they will not get any personalized
							emails from us. Surveys that help us get feedback to improve our
							app are also sent to the users based on the App version number
							they are using. You are not obligated to respond to polls or
							surveys. We use “Device ID” to send personalized notifications
							and updates regarding our latest features. At any point in time,
							the user can opt-out of the push notifications permission that he
							has given to Athan by going to his device’s settings and of
							IslamicFinder.org by going to the browser’s Settings.
2.3 Customer support:
At any point in time, our users can contact
							us via our support email address that is
							“support@islamicfinder.org.” When they do so, the “Email Address”
							by which they are sending the email is visible to our support
							agents and the Device information they are sending, which
							includes their Device Model, Device OS, and their App version
							number. We use this information to investigate, respond to, and
							resolve complaints and Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.4 Analytics:
We use these tools to collect necessary
							information about our users’ visits and behavior on both
							IslamicFinder.org and Athan. This information is then used to
							maintain the website, including monitoring site stability,
							measuring website traffic, optimizing website content, improving
							search engine optimization, and making the website more useful to
							visitors. For Athan, the information we gather from our analytics
							(Google, Facebook, and Firebase) only helps us to improve your
							everyday experience. This information is not personal and only
							facilitates us in improving and understanding how our users use
							Athan. At any point in time, our users can opt-out of these
							third-party tracking services by switching to the analytics
							services that we offer in our Athan settings or use the
							IslamicFinder.org privacy manager to opt-out of website analytics
							tools.

							2.5 Cookies:

IslamicFinder.org uses cookies to improve
							the users’ experience while browsing/visiting the website. This
							website uses a cookie control system, enabling the user to allow
							or disallow the use of cookies on their computer/device upon
							their first website visit. This complies with recent legislation
							requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from their
							users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a
							user’s computer/device.
2.5.1 Policy:
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s
							computer’s hard drive which track, save, and store information
							about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This
							allows the website to provide its users with a personalized
							experience. For our users to disallow or discontinue the use and
							saving of cookies from this website on their computer’s hard
							drive, necessary steps will have to be taken within their web
							browsers security settings, which will block all website cookies,
							external serving vendors. This website uses Google Analytics to
							monitor its visitors to understand their website usage better.
							Google Analytics will automatically save a cookie to your
							computer’s hard drive to track your engagement and use of the
							IslamicFinder website, but it won’t collect, save, or store
							users’ personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy
							for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html. Other
							cookies might be saved to your computer’s hard drive by external
							websites or vendors when it uses referral programs, sponsored
							links, or advertisements. Such cookies are used for conversion
							and referral tracking, typically expiring within 30 days, though
							some may take longer. No personal information is saved,
							collected, or stored.
2.5.2 Cookies we use:
When you use or access our Services, we may
							place several cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies
							for the following purposes; to enable certain functions of our
							service, provide analytics, store preferences, and allow
							advertisements to. Our site does not keep or use any personal
							information. Any anonymous information is handled according to
							our Privacy Policy, as seen on our website. According to user
							preferences, we only use cookies to get accurate Prayer Times
							according to the users’ location and Quran settings. We are using
							the following cookies:

Calculation Method (Prayer times calculation based on
								this cookie)
Current detected Location (To calculate exact prayer
								times, Calendar and Qibla direction according to users location)
Last detected location (Save users previous city
								location so that he can change location easily from our recent
								location option)
dhuharTimeAfterZawal (Users preference of prayer times
								setting saved in this cookie)
ishaTimeAdjustment (Users preference of prayer times
								setting saved in this cookie)
fajarAngle (Users preference of prayer times setting
								saved in this cookie)
ishaAngle (Users preference of prayer times setting
								saved in this cookie)
hijriDateAdjustment (Users preference of prayer times
								setting saved in this cookie)
juristicMethod (Users preference of prayer times setting
								saved in this cookie)
maghribTimeAfterSunset (Users preference of prayer times
								setting saved in this cookie)
lastUpdatedLocation (Users last updated location saved
								to calculate prayer times)
onBoardingDisplayed (To restrict that onboarding of site
								not displayed to user every time)
recentLocations (To identify users recent location)
timeZoneDifference (To calculate exact prayer times)
translator (To show Quran translation according to users
								location)

However, you may prefer to disable cookies
							on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is
							to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the
							‘Help’ section of your browser, but be aware that certain
							functionality may not be available to you.
2.6 Update information:
Any information that you want us to change
							or delete, for instance, your email address, can be requested by
							you. These requested changes will be made only after your
							consent, and we will update you regarding them. For any such
							requests you can always contact us on our support email i.e.
							support@islamicfinder.org.
2.7 User consents:
We will be storing the permissions that you
							have allowed the Athan app and IslamicFinder.org for audit
							purposes.
3. Information we share
Out of all the information that you provide
							us, we only use your “Full Name” and “Email address” to contact
							you or send you updates via newsletter. Please remember that when
							you use a link to go from our Service to another website or
							service by clicking an ad or for sharing any content from Athan,
							our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites
							or services. If you are using a third-party website or service
							and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your
							own risk. We have given options to report ads and to opt out of
							our tracking analytics and newsletter subscription for your
							convenience.
3.1 Newsletter:
Newsletters are sent to our users regularly,
							updating the users on our latest features and news. We use AWS
							services and Sendgrid to send newsletters. Newsletters are sent
							only to those users who have registered on the Athan app or
							IslamicFinder.org. We have given an option in our newsletters
							whereby users can unsubscribe. Users can unsubscribe from our
							newsletters whenever they want.
3.2 Social Media:
To give you more choices to sign up and
							provide you with the ease of signing up through just one click,
							we have given the option of signing up through Facebook and
							Apple. A user can share whatever they want to share (earned
							badges, Duas, Ayats, Events, Posts, Articles on News) via social
							media platforms like Facebook, Whatsapp or other shareability
							platforms like Bluetooth, etc.
3.3 In-app Purchases:
With our in-app purchases, we allow our
							users to buy our exciting promotions and become our premium
							users. We use Google Play and App Store services for our Android
							and iOS apps for in-app purchases, respectively. We do not store
							your credit card information; we will not be responsible for any
							loss of data. Please review Google Play and App store policies
							for details.
3.4 Customer Support (Zendesk):
The support channel we use to handle all our
							user queries, feedback, and issues is Zendesk. With Zendesk, we
							only get to view our user’s “Email Address” and Device
							information that they are sending, which includes their Device
							Model, Device OS, and their App version number. We use this
							information to investigate, respond, and resolve complaints and
							Service issues. If you are contacting us, then you are sharing
							this information of yours at your own risk. Our support agents
							can also help update or delete your account information if you
							request it.
3.5 Analytics:
The information we gather from our analytics
							only helps us to improve your everyday experience. We use
							analytics to personalize your app experience and send you
							personalized push notifications. Through analytics, we collect
							necessary site usage information such as: how many visits
							IslamicFinder.org receives, the pages visited by consumers, time
							spent on the site, the number of return visits to the site, the
							approximate location of the device used to access the site, types
							of devices used, etc. This information is then used to maintain
							the website, including monitoring site stability, measuring site
							traffic, optimizing site content, and improving the consumer
							experience. At any point in time, you can choose to opt-out of
							our app analytics tracking for Google(Firebase) and Facebook by
							turning off permissions via App Settings, Athan Analytics option
							given in the app, or use the IslamicFinder.org privacy manager to
							opt-out of website analytics tools.
3.6 Advertisements and Digital Marketing:
For advertisements, we use Google ads. We
							assure you that the ads we show you are not personalized and that
							we share no information with these third parties. The reason we
							are using advertisements in our app is that our revenue model is
							based on ads. To provide you with a better experience, at any
							point in time, if you find any ad inappropriate, or not according
							to your taste, you can report or block it on Athan as well as
							IslamicFinder.org. IslamicFinder.org uses third-party tools to
							help deliver advertising. Vendors that operate the third-party
							tools may also gather information about your visits to
							third-party sites outside of IslamicFinder.org. However, while it
							does not track your individual-level activity on the Internet
							outside of IslamicFinder.org, our vendors may collect information
							automatically collected by IslamicFinder.org (not information you
							provide), and combine it with data they collect elsewhere for
							targeted advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this type of
							data collection via Privacy Manager, Adchoices, and Do Not Track.
							See Your Choices about tracking and data collection below for
							methods to opt-out of this type of compilation. The outreach and
							education analytics tools provide reports which aggregate data
							such as the number of clicks on advertisements.
4. How we store your information
Your Ramadan book Fast and Deed logs and
							PrayerBook Prayer logs along with your Dua and Quran bookmarks
							data along with the events and posts created by you using our
							community feature and Places are cached (stored on your device
							temporarily) for sometime before it is sent to our Servers for a
							smooth app experience. Once it is sent to our servers, it is safe
							and secure. We implement security safeguards designed to protect
							your data. We store your personal information on our Servers,
							which follow all the security protocols, monitor, and prevent any
							security breaches. All this cached data, which includes
							PrayerBook stats, Global and Local Muslim events, is present as
							view only on our website IslamicFinder.org and you can not edit
							from there.
5. Your choices and obligations
We provide many choices about the
							collection, use, and sharing of your data, from deleting or
							correcting data you include in your Profile to controlling your
							posts’ visibility. We offer settings on both Athan and
							IslamicFinder.org to control and manage the personal data.
5.1 For personal data that we have about
							you:
You can perform the following actions on
							your account at any time:
5.1.1 Edit:
On Athan, you can edit some of your account
							data through your account, which includes updating your “Name,”
							“Profile Picture,” “Hometown,” “Password.” A business account can
							edit “Full Name,” “Email Address,” “Password,” “Hometown,”
							“Profile Picture,” “Bio,” “Website,” “Contact,” and “Address.”
							Both accounts can edit the posts and events that they have
							created on the Islamic Community. You can also ask us to change
							your “Email Address” associated with your account, update or fix
							your data in some instances, mainly if it’s inaccurate.
5.1.2 Download:
You can download a copy of your data used in
							Athan and IslamicFinder.org and is linked to your account. The
							download options are present on both platforms. The following
							information will be sent to you in the form of a download link
							via email once requested:

Your Profile: name, hometown (location), profile
								picture, email
Your Business Profile: business name, hometown
								(location), profile picture, email, business type, bio, website
								link, contact info, address
Your Community feed data, including posts shown in my
								feed, comment on the posts and reply to comments on posts.
Your PrayerBook data: badges, Prayer logs
Your PrayerBook data: badges, Prayer logs
Bookmarks: Dua and Quran

5.1.3 Delete:
You can delete your account by going into
							our App setting into IslamicFinder.org. Once you have deleted
							your account, you will not be able to sign-in using the same
							account. You will have to register again on the Athan app or
							IslamicFinder.org to use the same account. However, at the
							moment, you cannot sign up for a Business account via
							IslamicFinder.org. Once you delete or terminate your account,
							IslamicFinder will delete all your data associated with this
							account:

Your Personal Profile: name, password, hometown
								(location), profile picture, email
Your Business Profile: business name, password, hometown
								(location), profile picture, email, business type, bio, website
								link, contact info, address
Your PrayerBook data: badges, Prayer logs
Your Ramadan Book data: Deed logs, Fast logs, badges
Your Bookmarks: Dua and Quran

The only information that IslamicFinder will
							keep with it is the email address associated with this account,
							which will let us know that this account has been deleted and
							help us maintain a record of deleted accounts. If you wish to
							delete your account via our IslamicFinder website, you will have
							to delete it using the Athan app by signing in from the same
							Email address from the Edit profile.
5.1.4 Newsletter subscription:
At any point in time, you can choose to
							opt-out of our newsletter subscription. To opt-in again, you will
							have to re-subscribe, or you can always send a request to our
							support channel. We can do all of these functionalities mentioned
							above if you send us a request via our support representative.
5.2 How long do we keep your content:
Following termination or deactivation of
							your account, IslamicFinder, its Affiliates, or its Service
							Providers may retain information (your email address primarily)
							and your permission consents for a commercially reasonable time
							for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. Your email address
							will be retained in order to keep track of the deactivated
							accounts.
6. Other information
6.1 Other websites and services:
We are not responsible for the practices
							employed by any websites or services linked to or from our
							service, including the information or content contained within
							them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our
							service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does
							not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your
							browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service,
							including those with a link on our website, are subject to that
							third party’s own rules and policies. You agree that we are not
							responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that
							you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a
							third-party website or service and you allow them to access your
							User Content, you do so at your own risk.
6.1.1 Prayer Times:
Prayer times are based on your location. We
							use multiple cookies for IslamicFinder.org, as mentioned in
							clause “2.5.2” and longitude latitude along with Calculation and
							Juristic methods for calculation of our Prayer Times according to
							your region. All this data is verified from authentic sources. We
							do our best to give our users an error-free and seamless product
							experience. However, if you have any queries, you can report to
							us at support@islamicfinder.org.
6.1.2 Quran:
Quran is one of our most popular features of
							IslamicFinder. To provide our users with authentic data, we are
							using a renowned project Tanzil services for our Quranic data.
							Tanzil offers a highly verified Unicode Quran text to be used in
							Quranic websites and applications. IslamicFinder does not own any
							of the data present in Quran and is using Tanzil.net services.
6.1.3 Dua:
Dua is also a popular feature of
							IslamicFinder. We have brought to you more than 300 Duas with
							authentic sources taken out from Kutub al-Sittah, which are
							considered the most accurate source of hadith.
6.1.4 Hijri Date Adjustment:
Every month, our team reviews the popular
							Islamic Organizations that update and notify Hijri date
							adjustments according to lunar changes through Firebase. These
							changes are reviewed every month to make sure that our Hijri
							Calendar is accurate. IslamicFinder and its services do not own
							any of this data and use renowned Islamic Organizations as a
							resource to provide our users with authentic dates.
6.2. Children:
Although the content is shown on
							IslamicFinder products inappropriate for any age of audience,
							children under the age of 13 are advised to create their accounts
							under the supervision of their parents or legal guardians. You
							must be over the period required by your country’s laws to create
							an account or otherwise use the services, or we will need to
							obtain verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian. For
							any queries, feel free to contact us at
							privacy@islamicfinder.org.
6.3. How to contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy
							Policy or the Service, please contact us via sending an email at
							privacy@islamicfinder.org. IslamicFinder will update this Privacy
							Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We
							may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or
							updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued
							use of IslamicFinder and its products after any change to this
							Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such
							modification.
































					Stay on top of your Salah with Athan
				





Learn More
					


 










Home
Duas
Prayer Times
Islamic Places
Qibla Direction
World



Features

Calendar
Al Quran
Hadith
Islamic Days
Date Converter

								Islamic Gallery

							Knowledge 




Products
Athan
Athan Academy
Prayer Widgets




About
IslamicFinder News 
Advertise with us
Talk to us










                                Stay updated
                            

                                Join 1,000,000+ subscribers and get latest updates about IslamicFinder features and articles.
                            









                                        Subscribe
                                    















					IslamicFinder ©  2025. All rights reserved.
					 
					Read our
					Terms and Conditions
					and
					Privacy Policies





						Follow IslamicFinder
					


 
  
 

  
 











			SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
		
Subscribe to our e-newsletter today and receive latest news and updates about our products.




No, Thanks

×







		Insert your coordinates
	




					Place
				






					Latitude*




					Longitude*






					Time zone
				

GMT+0 GMT+1 GMT+2 GMT+3 GMT+3:30 GMT+4 GMT+4:30 GMT+5 GMT+5:30 GMT+5:45 GMT+6 GMT+6:30 GMT+7 GMT+8 GMT+8:30 GMT+8:45 GMT+9 GMT+9:30 GMT+10 GMT+10:30 GMT+11 GMT+12 GMT+12:45 GMT+13 GMT+13:45 GMT+14 GMT-1 GMT-2 GMT-2:30 GMT-3 GMT-3:30 GMT-4 GMT-5 GMT-6 GMT-7 GMT-7:00 GMT-8 GMT-9 GMT-9:30 GMT-10 GMT-11 GMT-12








×




Improve your location’s accuracy
Sometimes we might have trouble finding where you are located.
		Having your current location will help us to get you more accurate
		prayer times and nearby Islamic places. Here are some things you can
		do to help fix the problem.

Chrome
Safari
Android
iOS




In the top right, click More 
Click Settings and then Show advanced settings.
In the "Privacy" section, click Content settings.
					
In the dialog that appears, scroll down to the "Location"
							section. Select one of these permissions:
Allow all sites to track your physical location: Select
							this option to let all sites automatically see your location.
Ask when a site tries to track your physical location:
							Select this option if you want Google Chrome to alert you
							whenever a site wants to see your location.
Do not allow any site to track your physical location:
							Select this option if don't want any sites to see your location.
					

Click Done.




Open System Preferences and then Security & Privacy
					Preferences and then Privacy and then Location Services.
To allow for changes, click the lock in the bottom left.
Check "Enable Location Services."




Turn on location

On your phone or tablet, open the Settings app.
Tap Location.
At the top, switch location on.
Tap Mode and then High accuracy.


				If you still get an error when you open IslamicFinder, follow the
				step 2.
				Open Chrome

In the top right, tap More 
Tap Settings.
					
Under "Advanced", tap Site Settings
Tap Location. If you see a toggle, make sure it
						turned on and blue.
					

If you see "Location access is turned off
							for this device," tap the blue words > on the next Settings
							screen, tap the toggle to turn on location access.
If you see "blocked" under "Location," tap
							Blocked > tap IslamicFinder > Clear & reset.
						

Open IslamicFinder in
						your mobile browser and refresh the web page
					


				If you're using a browser other than Chrome, visit your browser's
				help center by visiting their website.
			



Turn on location
					
Open Settings app.
Tap Privacy > Location Services > Safari
								Websites.
						
Under "Allow Location Access," tap While Using the
								app.


Give current location access on your browser
					
Safari
Open settings app.
Tap General > Reset.
						
Tap Reset Location & Privacy.
						
If prompted, enter your passcode.
You will see a message that says "This will reset your
							location and privacy settings to factory defaults." Tap Reset
								Settings.
						
Open Safari
Go to IslamicFinder
To give Safari access to your location, tap Allow
							or OK
To give IslamicFinder access to your location, tap OK

 If you are using a browser other than Safari, visit your browser's
				help center by visiting their website.
			



×







