URL: https://www.islamicfinder.org/terms-and-conditions/
Title: Terms And Conditions | IslamicFinder
Description: Access to IslamicFinder is dependent on some Terms and Conditions. If you are agree to these terms and conditions, you may start using IslamicFinder.org.













Terms And Conditions | IslamicFinder

































































			Search for a City or Zip to set your location
		






×







×





			Disclaimer
		


			All information on IslamicFinder.org is verified by professionals beforehand. If you find any inappropriate material (or links leading to inappropriate materials), kindly
			 contact us.



×









×






LOCATION




Auto location 
















Current location 




								Please enter current location name
							



Latitude ? 


Longitude ? 


								Please enter correct latitude longitude values
							



Time zone ?
 Africa/Cairo 


								Please select time zone
							




Daylight adjustment ?  -2 -1 0 +1 +2 




Starting Date








								Please select daylight savings start date
							


Ending Date








								Please select daylight savings end date
							



 Browse all cities







PRAYER CALCULATION 










Calculation Method ?

Algerian Ministry of Religious Affairs and Wakfs
												
											
Diyanet İşleri Başkanlığı, Turkey
												
											
Egyptian General Authority of Survey
												
											
Islamic Society of North America 
											
JAKIM
												
											
Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura 
											
Muslim World League 
											
Shia Ithna-Ashari, Leva Institute, Qum (Jafri)
												
											
Sihat/Kemenag
												
											
Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Russia
												
											
Tunisian Ministry of Religious Affairs
												
											
Umm Al-Qura 
											
Union des Organisations Islamiques de France 
											
University Of Islamic Sciences, Karachi
												
											
Custom - Fajar and isha Angle 
											
Custom - Fajr Angle and Isha time adjustment
												
											





Fajr angle ?  10 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 12.5 13.0 13.5 14.0 14.5 15.0 15.5 16.0 16.5 17.0 17.5 18.0 18.5 19.0 19.5 20.0 20.5 21.0 21.5 22.0 22.5 23.0 23.5 24.0 24.5 


Isha angle ?
 10 10.5 11.0 11.5 12.0 12.5 13.0 13.5 14.0 14.5 15.0 15.5 16.0 16.5 17.0 17.5 18.0 18.5 19.0 19.5 20.0 20.5 21.0 21.5 22.0 22.5 23.0 23.5 24.0 24.5 


Dhuhr time after Zawal  ?      {      1 minute (Default) 2 minutes  3 minutes  4 minutes  5 minutes  6 minutes  7 minutes  8 minutes  9 minutes  10 minutes  11 minutes  12 minutes  13 minutes  14 minutes  15 minutes  16 minutes  17 minutes  18 minutes  19 minutes  20 minutes  21 minutes  22 minutes  23 minutes  24 minutes  25 minutes  26 minutes  27 minutes  28 minutes  29 minutes  30 minutes  31 minutes  32 minutes  33 minutes  34 minutes  35 minutes  36 minutes  37 minutes  38 minutes  39 minutes  40 minutes  41 minutes  42 minutes  43 minutes  44 minutes  45 minutes  46 minutes  47 minutes  48 minutes  49 minutes  50 minutes  51 minutes  52 minutes  53 minutes  54 minutes  55 minutes  56 minutes  57 minutes  58 minutes  59 minutes  60 minutes  


Maghrib time after Sunset  ?       {      1 minute (Default) 2 minutes  3 minutes  4 minutes  5 minutes  6 minutes  7 minutes  8 minutes  9 minutes  10 minutes  11 minutes  12 minutes  13 minutes  14 minutes  15 minutes  


Juristic  settings ?  Hanbali, Maliki, Shafi Hanafi 


Hijri Date Adjustment ?  +2 +1 0 -1 -2 









					Reset
				



					Save & Update
				


















 







  





English 

English
العربية
Français
Türkçe
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malay
Español

|
Login



  Download App










Home
Calendar
Al Quran



							Prayer Times

							Date Converter



Features and Tools



Hadith
Knowledge
Duas
						
Islamic Places

							IslamicFinder News



Islamic Gallery

							Zakat Calculator

							Qibla Direction

								PrayerBook
Muslims
Prayer Widgets





Special Events

						Special Islamic Days


Contact Us
Talk to us
Advertise with us
Login



Languages

English
العربية
Français
Türkçe
Español
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malay




						Download Athan

















Download our iOS app 
for faster experience and daily updates.




×











Download our Android app 
for faster experience and daily updates.




×




















About IslamicFinder
Advertise with us
Talk to us
Contact us for ads
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Athan Academy Privacy Policy
Athan Academy Terms of Service
















						Terms and Conditions
					




Last Modified: 1st January 2020

Please read these Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”)
						carefully before using the IslamicFinder website and its flagship
						application “Athan”. IslamicFinder’s website and its application
						both will be referred to as "Services" operated by IslamicFinder
						throughout the rest of the notice. Your access to and use of these
						Services is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with
						these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others
						who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Services
						you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these
						Terms, please stop using our Services immediately.

GENERAL TERMS:

							By using our Services, you represent and warrant that: 1.1 All
							registration information you submit will be true, accurate,
							current, and complete. 1.2 You will maintain the accuracy of such
							information and promptly update such registration information as
							necessary. 1.3 You will not create accounts through unauthorized
							means, including but not limited to, by using an automated
							device, script, bot, spider, crawler or scraper. 1.4 You will not
							use the Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. 1.5
							Your use of the Services will not violate any applicable law or
							regulation. 1.6 You will not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass,
							threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you
							must not post private or confidential information via Athan or
							IslamicFinder, including, without limitation, your or any other
							person's credit card information, social security or alternate
							national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public
							email addresses. 1.7 You are solely responsible for your conduct
							and any data, text, files, information, usernames, images,
							graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, sounds,
							musical works, events, works of authorship, applications, links
							and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") that you
							submit, post or display on or via our products. 1.8 You will not
							attempt to restrict another user from using or enjoying our
							Services and you must not encourage or facilitate violations of
							these Terms of Use or any other Athan and IslamicFinder terms.
							1.9 You must not interfere with or disrupt the service or servers
							or networks connected to the Services, including by transmitting
							any viruses, spyware, malware or any other code of a destructive
							or disruptive nature. 1.10 You will not change, modify, adapt or
							alter the products or change, modify or alter another website so
							as to falsely imply that it is associated with our Services. 1.11
							At any point of time if you would like, you can download your
							account information and history or delete your account. In case
							of deletion of account Athan and IslamicFinder will have no
							information related to your account, except for the fact that the
							account is associated with this email no longer exists. Violation
							of these Terms of Use may, in IslamicFinder’s sole discretion,
							result in termination of your account. If you provide any
							information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, incomplete
							or violate the spirit of these Terms of Use, we have the right to
							suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current
							or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof).

PURCHASES:
If you wish to purchase any product or service made
							available through the Services ("Purchase"), you may be asked to
							supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including,
							without limitation, your credit card details. These details are
							not stored by IslamicFinder and are used by Google Play store and
							App store only to make the purchases. IslamicFinder will not be
							held responsible in case any loss of data takes place.
CONTENT:
Our Services allows you to post, link, store, share and
							otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics,
							videos, events or other material ("Content"). You are responsible
							for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree
							that you any violation of these Terms, may result in termination
							of your account. All information on IslamicFinder and Athan is
							verified by professionals beforehand. If you find any
							inappropriate material (or links leading to inappropriate
							materials), kindly contact us at support@islamicfinder.org.
USER REGISTRATION:
You may be required to register with the app or website for our features such as PrayerBook, Ramadan Book, Quran and Dua.  You agree to keep your password confidential and will be responsible for all use of your account and password. We reserve the right to remove, reclaim, or change a username you select if we determine, in our sole discretion, that such username is inappropriate, obscene, or otherwise objectionable. 
PRIVACY POLICY:

							We care about your data privacy and security. Please review our
							Privacy Policy: https://www.islamicfinder.org/privacypolicy/.
							By using our Services, you agree to be bound by our Privacy
							Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use.
						
MODIFICATIONS AND INTERRUPTIONS:

							We reserve the right to change, modify, or remove the contents of
							our Services at any time or for any reason at our sole discretion
							without notice. We also reserve the right to modify or
							discontinue all or part of our products without notice at any
							time. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any
							modification, price change, suspension, or discontinuance of our
							Services. If any modification is regarding user information then
							we will take consent from you. By agreeing to these terms and
							conditions, you accept that IslamicFinder will not be answerable
							to you for any sort of alteration or removal.  We cannot
							guarantee our Services will be available at all times. We may
							experience hardware, software, or other problems or need to
							perform maintenance related to our Services, resulting in
							interruptions, delays, or errors. We reserve the right to change,
							revise, update, suspend, discontinue, or otherwise modify the
							Services at any time or for any reason without notice to you. You
							agree that we have no liability whatsoever for any loss, damage,
							or inconvenience caused by your inability to access or use the
							Services during any downtime or discontinuance of the Services.
						
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT:

							7.1 IslamicFinder's website and app might contain links to third
							party websites that are controlled and supervised by others.
							These third party website links are not endorsed by us and you
							accept and agree that we are not responsible for any material or
							links to these websites 7.2 Anyone wishing to use these
							website links is entitled to do so provided that the conditions
							below are adhered to (a) you do not accept that we are
							approving the services or products of another party unless the
							endorsement is in writing (b) you do not intend to
							misrepresent your affiliation with this website(c) the linking
							third party website does not contain offensive or otherwise
							controversial content or content that infringes any intellectual
							property rights or other rights of a third party. 7.3 If
							your link to this website defies these terms, you shall be
							responsible for covering the cost of any loss or damage suffered
							to this website as a result of linking.

COPYRIGHTS:

							8.1 We respect other people's rights, and expect you to do the
							same. 8.2 All copyrights, trademarks and intellectual property
							rights in Athan and our website and its' content (including the
							graphics, design, text and all software and source codes
							associated with the products) are owned by IslamicFinder or
							licensed to IslamicFinder or otherwise used by IslamicFinder as
							sanctioned by law. 8.3 In accessing these Services, you adhere to
							the fact that you will only access our product’s content
							exclusively for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the
							material may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, stored,
							copied, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of
							the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading your profile
							data for personal, non-commercial use only. 8.4 If you repeatedly
							infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will
							disable your account when appropriate.

INDEMNITY:
You agree to indemnify and hold IslamicFinder and its
							employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities,
							legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation
							to any claims or actions brought against IslamicFinder arising
							out of violation of any of these Terms and Conditions by you or
							any other liabilities emerging as a result of your usage of our
							Services.
SEVERANCE:
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be deemed
							invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of
							competent jurisdiction, then that certain Term or Condition shall
							be demolished but the remaining Terms and Conditions shall
							survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be
							binding and enforceable.
WAIVER:
If you violate these Conditions of Use and we happen to
							take no action against it, we will still be entitled to use our
							rights and remedies in any further situations where you violate
							these Conditions of Use.
HOW TO CONTACT US:
If you have any questions about these Terms or the Service,
							please contact us via sending an email at
							support@islamicfinder.org.
CHANGES TO TERMS:
IslamicFinder may modify or update these Terms from time to
							time, so please review them periodically. We may provide you
							additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as
							appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of our
							Services after any modification to these Terms will constitute
							your acceptance of such modification.

































					Stay on top of your Salah with Athan
				





Learn More
					


 










Home
Duas
Prayer Times
Islamic Places
Qibla Direction
World



Features

Calendar
Al Quran
Hadith
Islamic Days
Date Converter

								Islamic Gallery

							Knowledge 




Products
Athan
Athan Academy
Prayer Widgets




About
IslamicFinder News 
Advertise with us
Talk to us










                                Stay updated
                            

                                Join 1,000,000+ subscribers and get latest updates about IslamicFinder features and articles.
                            









                                        Subscribe
                                    















					IslamicFinder ©  2025. All rights reserved.
					 
					Read our
					Terms and Conditions
					and
					Privacy Policies





						Follow IslamicFinder
					


 
  
 

  
 











			SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
		
Subscribe to our e-newsletter today and receive latest news and updates about our products.




No, Thanks

×







		Insert your coordinates
	




					Place
				






					Latitude*




					Longitude*






					Time zone
				

GMT+0 GMT+1 GMT+2 GMT+3 GMT+3:30 GMT+4 GMT+4:30 GMT+5 GMT+5:30 GMT+5:45 GMT+6 GMT+6:30 GMT+7 GMT+8 GMT+8:30 GMT+8:45 GMT+9 GMT+9:30 GMT+10 GMT+10:30 GMT+11 GMT+12 GMT+12:45 GMT+13 GMT+13:45 GMT+14 GMT-1 GMT-2 GMT-2:30 GMT-3 GMT-3:30 GMT-4 GMT-5 GMT-6 GMT-7 GMT-7:00 GMT-8 GMT-9 GMT-9:30 GMT-10 GMT-11 GMT-12








×




Improve your location’s accuracy
Sometimes we might have trouble finding where you are located.
		Having your current location will help us to get you more accurate
		prayer times and nearby Islamic places. Here are some things you can
		do to help fix the problem.

Chrome
Safari
Android
iOS




In the top right, click More 
Click Settings and then Show advanced settings.
In the "Privacy" section, click Content settings.
					
In the dialog that appears, scroll down to the "Location"
							section. Select one of these permissions:
Allow all sites to track your physical location: Select
							this option to let all sites automatically see your location.
Ask when a site tries to track your physical location:
							Select this option if you want Google Chrome to alert you
							whenever a site wants to see your location.
Do not allow any site to track your physical location:
							Select this option if don't want any sites to see your location.
					

Click Done.




Open System Preferences and then Security & Privacy
					Preferences and then Privacy and then Location Services.
To allow for changes, click the lock in the bottom left.
Check "Enable Location Services."




Turn on location

On your phone or tablet, open the Settings app.
Tap Location.
At the top, switch location on.
Tap Mode and then High accuracy.


				If you still get an error when you open IslamicFinder, follow the
				step 2.
				Open Chrome

In the top right, tap More 
Tap Settings.
					
Under "Advanced", tap Site Settings
Tap Location. If you see a toggle, make sure it
						turned on and blue.
					

If you see "Location access is turned off
							for this device," tap the blue words > on the next Settings
							screen, tap the toggle to turn on location access.
If you see "blocked" under "Location," tap
							Blocked > tap IslamicFinder > Clear & reset.
						

Open IslamicFinder in
						your mobile browser and refresh the web page
					


				If you're using a browser other than Chrome, visit your browser's
				help center by visiting their website.
			



Turn on location
					
Open Settings app.
Tap Privacy > Location Services > Safari
								Websites.
						
Under "Allow Location Access," tap While Using the
								app.


Give current location access on your browser
					
Safari
Open settings app.
Tap General > Reset.
						
Tap Reset Location & Privacy.
						
If prompted, enter your passcode.
You will see a message that says "This will reset your
							location and privacy settings to factory defaults." Tap Reset
								Settings.
						
Open Safari
Go to IslamicFinder
To give Safari access to your location, tap Allow
							or OK
To give IslamicFinder access to your location, tap OK

 If you are using a browser other than Safari, visit your browser's
				help center by visiting their website.
			



×







